release: v1.58.0 (#6298)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_geal_deduplication_processing_time.md

> ### do not count the wait time in deduplication as processing time ([PR #6207](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/6207))
> 
> waiting for a deduplicated request was incorrectly counted as time spent in the router overhead, while most of it was actually spent waiting for the subgraph response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fix router overhead processing time calculation ([PR #6207](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/6207))

The router's calculated overhead processing time has been fixed, where the time spent waiting for the subgraph response of a deduplicated request had been incorrectly included.
```
